I'm writing some words about something. these words are going to be placed into a blender and blended until nothing makes sense anymore. Bumblebees don't get tired they eat cornflakes. thats a good summary of what you guys were talking about lmao, combine(merge) each subarray back up your nose, down a long winded series of words until we finally arrive at the conclusion. it takes some text in and works out which words come after which words, then it generates random sentences based on the words it was given. I got a warning email about plugging it in too, something about it having two graphics things and how I have to plug it into the right one. The only thing that may be specific to each game is textures. Logic is easy to emulate, graphics are much harder and graphics are generally what takes the resources to work out, beside a select few games. Yeah, it wouldn't benefit them as much to convert every single game, but they could if they put in the resources have a general solution that would automatically be able to play any and all xbox 360 games. The motorway signs said closed, so they took it upon themselves to block 2 lanes even though it's not their job then when the signs change to 40mph they continue to block the road. We have lots of subarray components, the subarray things are all over the place. squirrels hide up trees. Bother, it's sketchy. I've found that it's way more effective if it's all in the same chain, or if you have multiple larger chains. when I did it as every message is on a separate line it was linking them in really short chains then ending them very quickly.
lots of people say oof, it's a natural part of the existence of oof particles in the upper atmosphere. every time I add a word this bot gets more and more funny. eventually it will be the funniest thing in the universe and oof will be the best thing ever.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
